Dear all,

The analysis of the lanex beamtimes is now completed. 
Jakob has done a fantastic job with the ICT analysis (his algorithm was able to detect every single(!) peak of each pulse train instead of summing over the amount of pulses in a train including baseline correction methods) leading to consistent results of the calibration runs.
Brief summary, more details are attached:
We do not trust the first run in september 2015 anymore because,
	1. No ICT Signal was recorded.
	2. Two following runs (May 2016 and November 2016) agree to each other and differ significantly from the old one.

However in these two beamtimes following problems were present: 
1. Unfortunately the camera was operated such that the png-images were saved in 8Bit although the chip can handle 12Bit (this problem is still not fixed!)
2. On the first 24 hours of the November beamtime the gamma value was set to 3 yielding to unusable data

The first problem was corrected assuming a 2D gaussian-shaped electron bunch. 
A 2D gaussian fit served as correction for the truncation at the detection limit of the 8-Bit signal.
For beams with a high dynamic range (those were the peak value spans almost over the entire dynamic range of the CCD-chip) this effect was only 1% or less.
However, for settings with low dynmic range (directly after a change of the ND-filter) this effect was on the order of 4-8% depending on the filter strength.
This problem also effects the slope-values but fortunatly only on the order of 1%. 
Overall the errors of the absolute calibration are approx 5-6%.

Points that still need to be done and discussed how to proceed:
1. Difference to Buck et al.: Checking the effect of the Beryllium-window (100 µm thickness). 
   One either could try to place a such material in a LWFA beamtime and see the behaviour (qualitative result, which can in principle explain the difference should be enough) 
   or try to calculate the effect (PIConGPU codes?). 
2. Explanation for the bright peak in the dauertests.

Kind regards,
Thomas   
      